# About
Blitzkrieg is a a solver for the currently popular Facebook Messenger game
"Word Blitz". Blitzkrieg generates solutions for Word Blitz provided with
sixteen letters that match the same arangement of the Word Blitz puzzle.

Possible words are generated by using each letter as a starting point and then
traversing the grid of letters by moving to the next adjacent letter. After
each move, the total letters traversed thus far are checked against an English
lexis in order to determine if the current collection of letters makes a valid
word or not.

## Compiling
Navigate to the root directory of the project and type `make`. This should
generate the executable file `blitzkrieg.out`.

## Executing
Type `./blitzkrieg.out` to execute the solver. You will be presented with a
prompt where you must type sixteen letters that represent the the Word Blitz
puzzle. Type the letters as the appear in Word Blitz row by row from top to
bottom. After typing press enter.

Blitzkrieg should output 16 columns of text with each column headed by the rank
of the letter as it appeared in the origial puzzle. Each column consists of the
possible words that can be formed starting from that letter.

## Configuring
At startup Blitzkrieg loads a configuration file (`config.conf`) which contains
some options that can be modified. A description of the options along with
their default values are in the table below.

Option                   |                       Description                           | Default
-------------------      |-------------------------------------------------------------|---------
MAX\_WORD\_LENGTH        |  Enables the generation of examples                         |  ON                        
MIN\_WORD\_LENGTH        |  Enables the generation of a Doxygen documentation          |  OFF
MAX\_WORDS\_PER\_ROW     |  Enables debug mode   |  OFF |  
WORD\_COLUMNS\_PER\_ROW  |
SORT\_DESCENDING         |
ENABLE\_HIGHLIGHTING     |
LEXIS\_FILE\_PATH        |  |  OFF



Last Modified Sat 19 Jan 13:11:53 GMT 2019
